c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.apk
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Android.pdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\SORBETE.Android.apk
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\nathan.magalhaes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\abacaxi.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\baunilia.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\chocolate.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\flocos.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\morango.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\pistache.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\abacaxi.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\baunilia.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\chocolate.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\flocos.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\morango.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\pistache.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\laranja.jpg
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sorvete.png
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SORBETE.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\NATHAN.MAGALHAES\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SORBETE\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sorvete2.png
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.apk
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\SORBETE.Android.pdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\SORBETE.Android.apk
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\kiwi.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\meetmeinthehallway.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\onlyangel.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\signofthetimes.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\sweetcreature.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\woman.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\carolina.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\eversincenewyork.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\fromthediningtable.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\twoghosts.jpg
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\bin\Debug\SORBETE.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\SORBETE.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\juliana.potengy\Downloads\SorveteChooser-master\SORBETE\SORBETE.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
